NEGATIVE REVIEW 1: SPOCK

Spock is easily distracted. He has a tendenacy to get emotional in confrontations and disagreements. He has technical abilities that would assist him in his work if he weren't so lazy. His poor work ethic leads him to failure in his tasks. His superiors have concern and frequently addressed these problems and given him repeated warnings. Unfortunately, he appears to lack any respect for authority. It is suggested that Spock be demoted or relocated to Starfleet to go through initial training once more.

POSITIVE REVIEW 1: JEAN LUC PICARD

Picard is one of the greatest captains Starfleet has ever seen. He demonstrates a strong and impressive ability to lead and inspire his subordinates. He is also patient with those who continue to learn the particulars of their duties. Picard surprises Starfleet with his ability to accomplish the most difficult tasks. Starfleet should watch Picard carefully and use his talent well. When the time comes, Starfleet should consider a promotion for Picard.

NEGATIVE REVIEW 2: SISKO

Sisko's relocation to Deep Space 9 was filled with hope, but also concern. In the past, Sisko demonstrated a strong capacity to lead others during his former command, but due to unfortunate circumstances Sisko found it difficult to continue to perform his duties as expected. Since his relocation, Sisko has failed to lead and govern in his new post as expected. Starfleet should continue to investigate the emotional state of Sisko and keep a close eye on his performance. His current state seems to distract him and cause problems. It may be necessary to demote in order to help him get better.

POSITIVE REVIEW 2: KIRK

Kirk is unconventional, but he inspires. He returns impresive results. Our only worry in regard to his results thus far is his apparent struggle to form appropriate relationships with clients. Kirk demonstrates a strong ability to lead others and help them to accomplish their potential. It is our recommendation to seek the eventual promotion of Kirk among the Starfleet ranks to utilize his talent, particularly in the teaching of others.
